# packages in environment at /data/djs217/miniconda3/envs/kraken_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
blast                     2.16.0               h66d330f_5    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.7.14            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.14.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
entrez-direct             22.4                 he881be0_0    bioconda
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kraken2                   2.14            pl5321h077b44d_0    bioconda
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.44                 h1423503_1    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.25.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.14.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.1                hecca717_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_1    conda-forge
libgcc                    15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_1    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.8                ha4ef2c3_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libmpdec                  4.0.0                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.2               hee844dc_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               hcf80075_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 15.1.0               h8f9b012_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              15.1.0               h4852527_3    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h5888daf_1    conda-forge
ncbi-vdb                  3.2.1                h9948957_0    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.1                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          3.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.105           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h503566f_5    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.15            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json-xs              4.03            pl5321h9948957_4    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h7b50bb2_5    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.62            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pip                       25.1.1             pyh145f28c_0    conda-forge
popt                      1.16                          1    bioconda
python                    3.13.5          hec9711d_102_cp313    conda-forge
python_abi                3.13                    7_cp313    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
rpsbproc                  0.5.0                hd6d6fdc_3    bioconda
rsync                     3.4.1                h81c0278_2    conda-forge
tar                       1.34                 hb2e2bae_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_hd72426e_102    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.21.4               hda4d442_0    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.3                hb47aa4a_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                hb8e6e7a_2    conda-forge
