# packages in environment at /data/djs217/miniconda3/envs/trycycler_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
any2fasta                 0.4.2                hdfd78af_3    bioconda
bcftools                  1.21                 h8b25389_0    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.44                 h4bf12b8_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.85            py310ha75aee5_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hf71b8c6_3    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.18               he4a0461_1    bioconda
bwidget                   1.10.1               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.7.9             hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               h3faef2a_0    conda-forge
capnproto                 1.0.2                h2b92303_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.6.15          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py310h8deb56e_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.2.1              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
cmake                     3.29.4               h91dbaaa_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contextlib2               21.6.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cpython                   3.10.18         py310hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.8.0                he654da7_1    conda-forge
eigen                     3.2                           3    bioconda
expat                     2.7.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
filelock                  3.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flye                      2.9.5           py310ha025fb0_1    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freebayes                 1.3.6                hb0f3ef8_7    bioconda
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2025.5.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         15.1.0               h4393ad2_3    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    15.1.0               h3b9cdf2_3    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.2.1           py310he8512ff_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.62.2          py310h1b8f574_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         15.1.0               h6a1bac1_3    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.13.0          nompi_py310h60e0fe6_100    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                hfac3d4d_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_hdf9ad27_105    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
htslib                    1.21                 h5efdd21_0    bioconda
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
intervaltree              3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsoncpp                   1.9.6                hf42df4d_1    conda-forge
k8                        0.2.5                hdcf5f25_4    bioconda
kernel-headers_linux-64   3.10.0              he073ed8_18    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.44                 h1423503_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h0aef613_1    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_he02047a_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.4                h3f801dc_0    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.25.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           32_h59b9bed_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           32_he106b2a_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                hca28451_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_1    conda-forge
libgcc                    15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     15.1.0             h4c094af_103    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              15.1.0               hcea5267_3    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.2               hf974151_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h15f2491_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_1    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.8                ha4ef2c3_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           32_h7ac8fdf_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
liblzma-devel             5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.30          pthreads_h94d23a6_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               h08a7969_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h5a48ba9_2    conda-forge
libsanitizer              15.1.0               h97b714f_3    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hde9e2c9_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 15.1.0               h8f9b012_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  15.1.0             h4c094af_103    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              15.1.0               h4852527_3    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h1dd3fc0_3    conda-forge
libtorch                  2.3.1           cpu_generic_h970db74_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libuv                     1.51.0               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h851e524_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               hc051c1a_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
loguru                    0.7.3              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
make                      4.4.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
mappy                     2.28            py310h1af8fb7_2    bioconda
markupsafe                3.0.2           py310h89163eb_1    conda-forge
mash                      2.3                  hc74b729_7    bioconda
medaka                    2.0.1           py310he807b20_0    bioconda
miniasm                   0.3                  he4a0461_3    bioconda
minimap2                  2.24                 h7132678_1    bioconda
minipolish                0.2.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
mpc                       1.3.1                h24ddda3_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h90cbb55_3    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
muscle                    3.8.1551             h9948957_8    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
ont-fast5-api             4.1.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.1                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.3.0           py310h5eaa309_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.54.0               h4c5309f_1    conda-forge
parallel                  20160622                      1    bioconda
parasail-python           1.3.4           py310hdf79db3_2    bioconda
pcre2                     10.43                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-threaded             5.32.1               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
pillow                    10.3.0          py310hf73ecf8_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
polypolish                0.6.0                h3ab6199_3    bioconda
progressbar33             2.4                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
pyabpoa                   1.5.3           py310h1af8fb7_0    bioconda
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pypolca                   0.3.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pysam                     0.22.1          py310h804392c_2    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pyspoa                    0.2.1           py310ha025fb0_3    bioconda
python                    3.10.14         hd12c33a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhe01879c_2    conda-forge
python-edlib              1.3.9.post1     py310h184ae93_2    bioconda
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    7_cp310    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.3.1           cpu_generic_py310ha4c588e_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py310h89163eb_2    conda-forge
r-ape                     5.8_1             r44hb79369c_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.4.0                h019f4a6_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.5             r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.5.2             r44h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.37            r44h0d4f4ea_0    conda-forge
r-fastmatch               1.1_6             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.4             r44hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.8.0             r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-igraph                  2.0.3             r44h510f1ce_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.22_7            r44h2b5f3a1_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.4             r44hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r44hb1dbf0f_3    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.7_3             r44h2ae2be5_0    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_168           r44hb67ce94_0    conda-forge
r-phangorn                2.12.1            r44h9124c8a_2    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r44hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-quadprog                1.5_8             r44hc2011d3_6    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.1.0             r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.6             r44h93ab643_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.5             r44h0d4f4ea_1    conda-forge
racon                     1.5.0                hdcf5f25_5    bioconda
raven                     6.10.0                     py_0    conda-forge
raven-assembler           1.8.3                h43eeafb_1    bioconda
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rhash                     1.4.6                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
samtools                  1.21                 h50ea8bc_0    bioconda
scipy                     1.15.2          py310h1d65ade_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.9                  h6688a6e_0    conda-forge
setuptools                80.9.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.8                  h1b44611_0    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sympy                     1.14.0           pyh2585a3b_105    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.17                h0157908_18    conda-forge
tabixpp                   1.1.2                h27d5293_3    bioconda
tar                       1.34                 hb2e2bae_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h8d826fa_7    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
trycycler                 0.5.5              pyhdfd78af_1    bioconda
typing_extensions         4.14.1             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vcflib                    1.0.10               hdcf5f25_1    bioconda
wfa2-lib                  2.3.5                h9948957_3    bioconda
wget                      1.21.4               hda4d442_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wurlitzer                 3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             hb9d3cd8_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.6                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            hb9d3cd8_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             hb9d3cd8_1004    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            hb9d3cd8_1008    conda-forge
xz                        5.8.1                hbcc6ac9_2    conda-forge
xz-gpl-tools              5.8.1                hbcc6ac9_2    conda-forge
xz-tools                  5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py310ha75aee5_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
