# packages in environment at /data/djs217/miniconda3/envs/busco_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_x86_64-microarch-level   4                     2_icelake    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.14               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
augustus                  3.5.0           pl5321h57ba348_8    bioconda
bamtools                  2.5.3                he132191_0    bioconda
bbmap                     39.28                he5f24ec_0    bioconda
biopython                 1.85            py312h66e93f0_1    conda-forge
blast                     2.16.0               h66d330f_5    bioconda
boost-cpp                 1.85.0               h3c6214e_4    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312h2ec8cdc_3    conda-forge
busco                     6.0.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.7.14            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h3394656_0    conda-forge
cdbtools                  0.99                h077b44d_12    bioconda
certifi                   2025.7.14          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py312h06ac9bb_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clustalw                  2.1                 h9948957_12    bioconda
contourpy                 1.3.2           py312h68727a3_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.14.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
dendropy                  5.0.8              pyhdfd78af_1    bioconda
diamond                   2.1.12               h13889ed_3    bioconda
dnspython                 2.7.0              pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
entrez-direct             22.4                 he881be0_0    bioconda
fasttree                  2.1.11               h7b50bb2_5    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.59.0          py312h8a5da7c_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
gawk                      5.3.1                hcd3d067_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  11.2.1               h3beb420_0    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.4                  hb6cb901_4    bioconda
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
htslib                    1.22.1               h566b1c6_0    bioconda
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsoncpp                   1.9.6                hf42df4d_1    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.8           py312h68727a3_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h717163a_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.44                 h1423503_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h0aef613_1    conda-forge
libamd                    3.3.3           haaf9dc3_7100102    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.25.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           32_h59b9bed_openblas    conda-forge
libboost                  1.85.0               h0ccab89_4    conda-forge
libboost-devel            1.85.0               h00ab1b0_4    conda-forge
libboost-headers          1.85.0               ha770c72_4    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
libbtf                    2.3.2           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
libcamd                   3.3.3           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           32_he106b2a_openblas    conda-forge
libccolamd                3.3.4           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
libcholmod                5.3.1           h59ddab4_7100102    conda-forge
libcolamd                 3.3.4           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                hb8b1518_5    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.14.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
libcxsparse               4.4.1           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.1                hecca717_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_1    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h48d6fc4_1    conda-forge
libgcc                    15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              15.1.0               hcea5267_3    conda-forge
libglib                   2.84.2               h3618099_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_1    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.8                ha4ef2c3_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libklu                    2.3.5           hf24d653_7100102    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           32_h7ac8fdf_openblas    conda-forge
libldl                    3.3.2           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
liblzma-devel             5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.30          pthreads_h94d23a6_0    conda-forge
libopenssl-static         3.5.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libparu                   1.0.0           h17147ab_7100102    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.50               h943b412_0    conda-forge
librbio                   4.3.4           h32481e8_7100102    conda-forge
libspex                   3.2.3           had10066_7100102    conda-forge
libspqr                   4.3.4           h852d39f_7100102    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.2               hee844dc_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               hcf80075_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 15.1.0               h8f9b012_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              15.1.0               h4852527_3    conda-forge
libsuitesparseconfig      7.10.1          h92d6892_7100102    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hc4654cb_2    conda-forge
libumfpack                6.3.5           heb53515_7100102    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.6.0                hd42ef1d_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
lp_solve                  5.5.2.11             hd590300_0    conda-forge
mafft                     7.526                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.3          py312hd3ec401_0    conda-forge
metaeuk                   7.bba0d80       pl5321hd6d6fdc_2    bioconda
metis                     5.1.0             hd0bcaf9_1007    conda-forge
miniprot                  0.18                 h577a1d6_0    bioconda
mpfr                      4.2.1                h90cbb55_3    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
munkres                   1.0.7                      py_1    bioconda
muscle                    3.8.1551             h9948957_9    bioconda
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h659d440_1008    conda-forge
ncbi-vdb                  3.2.1                h9948957_0    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
numpy                     2.3.1           py312h33ff503_1    conda-forge
openjdk                   23.0.2               h53dfc1b_2    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h5fbd93e_0    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.1.6              hc5af2df_101    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.1                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.3.1           py312hf79963d_0    conda-forge
pasta                     1.9.3           py312hccd54bf_0    bioconda
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.45                hc749103_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-apache-test          1.43            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7048          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          3.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-class-load           0.25            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-class-load-xs        0.10            pl5321h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
perl-class-method-modifiers 2.13            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.105           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-check      0.014           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-requirements 2.143           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-data-optlist         0.113           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-dbi                  1.643           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-devel-globaldestruction 0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-devel-overloadinfo   0.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-dist-checkconflicts  0.11            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-eval-closure         0.14            pl5321h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-which           1.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-getopt-long          2.58            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-inc-latest           0.500           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h503566f_5    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.15            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json-xs              4.03            pl5321h9948957_4    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h7b50bb2_5    bioconda
perl-module-build         0.4234          pl5321ha770c72_1    conda-forge
perl-module-implementation 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-module-metadata      1.000038        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-module-runtime-conflicts 0.003           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-moo                  2.005004        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-moose                2.2202          pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-mro-compat           0.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-package-deprecationmanager 0.17            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash        0.40            pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash-xs     0.30            pl5321hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
perl-parallel-forkmanager 2.03            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-params-util          1.102           pl5321h9f5acd7_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-role-tiny            2.002004        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.62            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter         0.988           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter-progressive 0.001013        pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-sub-identify         0.14            pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-sub-install          0.928           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-sub-name             0.21            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-sub-quote            2.006006        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-version              0.9924          pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-yaml                 1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pillow                    11.3.0          py312h80c1187_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
prank                     170427               h9948957_1    bioconda
prodigal                  2.6.3               h577a1d6_11    bioconda
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pymongo                   4.13.0          py312h2ec8cdc_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
python                    3.12.11         h9e4cc4f_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhe01879c_2    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    7_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
raxml                     8.2.13               h7b50bb2_3    bioconda
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpsbproc                  0.5.0                hd6d6fdc_3    bioconda
samtools                  1.22.1               h96c455f_0    bioconda
sepp                      4.5.5           py312h0fa9677_3    bioconda
setuptools                80.9.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.50.2               heff268d_2    conda-forge
suitesparse               7.10.1          ha0f6916_7100102    conda-forge
tar                       1.34                 hb2e2bae_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_hd72426e_102    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
ucsc-fatotwobit           482                  hdc0a859_0    bioconda
ucsc-twobitinfo           482                  hdc0a859_0    bioconda
unicodedata2              16.0.0          py312h66e93f0_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.21.4               hda4d442_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.6                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.12               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xz                        5.8.1                hbcc6ac9_2    conda-forge
xz-gpl-tools              5.8.1                hbcc6ac9_2    conda-forge
xz-tools                  5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py312h66e93f0_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                hb8e6e7a_2    conda-forge
